
please create following simple html game:

§1.1 OVERVIEW:
a simple 2d game. 

§1.2 DEFINITION:
d-pixel: D_PIXEL_SIZE = 1/1000 of the whole screen width

§1.3GAME OBJECTS:
§1.3.1 
 2 paddles moving in a d2 space:
each paddle is a rectangle of width AVT_WIDTH = 75 d-pixel and thickness of AVT_THICK = 10 d-pixel. at any given time, the active paddle is brighter to indicate that. 
paddles are not affected by gravity. 
each paddle has between 0 and 4 wraps around them - layers of "padding" .these are fine lined rectangle sourounding the peddles inner solid rectangle. for reference, it reminds of a countour topographic map. they are separated by a small amoung of pixels. the initial number of wrapps around each rectangle is 2. user can add or remove layers to the active player with the A and S keys - within the range defined here. 
the wrappers act as cuoshin. the absorb (or amplify) soe of the colliding ball's kinetic energy in the following manner:

nubmer of wrappers !  output kinetic energy compared with pre collision 
-------------------!----------------------------------------------------
     0             !              2.0
	 1             !              1.5 
	 2             !              1.0
	 3             !              0.7
	 4             !              0.3


§1.3.2
1 small ball with radius BALL_RAD = 5 d-pixel. 
ball is affected by gravity. when a ball is hitting a paddle it is bounces back according to normal physics, without losing any kinetic energy

§1.4
GAME WORLD:
a single screen is the entire world of the game. camera is static, nothing exists outside of the screen. 
contorl:
each paddle can move around the 2 d space using the arrows keys. it can rotate in either direction with the Q and W keys. 
2 paddles are controlled by the same keys - at any given time there is one active player. the active player can be switched using the TAB key. 
physics: gravity is G= 123 d-pixels / second square 

§1.5
UI 
the game panel is at the center of the screen. there is a 150 d-pixel whide margin on either side, and 10 d-pixel size margin above and bellow the game panel. on the left panel there is a devloper panel. it contains controls for the following constants: G, INIT_SPEED, INIT_BALL_ANGL, BALL_RAD. make sure these controls are not maintaining focus after setting a value, to prevent the values changed accidently while playing game.  
on the right panel there are control buttons like restart and pause 

color scheme:
dominant darkj gray gray, with some green, yellow and orange. each paddle has 2 tones, one for each of it's long side face, or any other way to help visualy distinguish between 2 long face of the paddle

§1.6
GAME PLAY:
§1.6.1 
start:
each paddle's long axis (the 75 d-px AVT_WIDTH dimension) is aligned with the Y-axis, i.e. pointing top-to-bottom. The short axis (AVT_THICK = 10 d-px) is horizontal. This corresponds to a rotation angle of 90° from the default horizontal orientation.
the ball shot from the bottom left corner in INIT_BALL_ANGL = 49 and at speed INIT_BALL_SPEED = 400 d-pixel / sec. 
§1.6.2 
restart conditions:
each time the ball goes out of the screen bounds (that is, hitting top, bottom, left or right limits - there are no wall or cieling around) there is a short countdown and the game restarts as per above
